Namo Amitabha Buddha, Emperor Tran Nhan
Tong. We,
your Buddhist followers, respectfully bow to the ancestors. Today, we, the Buddhist followers,
are truly
happy, our hearts overflowing with joy as we
turn towards the ancestors and towards the enlightened Emperor Tran Nhan
Tong. In our hearts, as well as
in the hearts of the Vietnamese people,
those who have faith in Buddhism, the
enlightened Emperor Tran Nhan Tong is a Buddha Emperor, a wise and benevolent king, full of compassion and love for his people, possessing wisdom and talent. He protected the people and the country, overcoming all invasions, bringing peace and prosperity to the people. He cared for the
people's
material and
spiritual lives. Following in the
footsteps of the Buddha
Shakyamuni, he brought the most precious things, the true
Dharma. This is the priceless treasure for
all beings in the Three Thousand
Great Worlds.
Whatever is
most precious, the true Dharma, he brought
to his people.
We,
as Buddhist followers, are
extremely joyful and
respectfully pay
homage to a
Buddha in our hearts,
a
future Buddha, a future fully enlightened being.
We respectfully pay homage to his
noble Bodhisattva deeds.  The great
Bodhisattva always relieves suffering and bestows
joy, bringing benefit to the masses.
Today, on the 766th anniversary of his birth,
we, the Buddhist followers, offer
incense and flowers as a
tribute. We
pray that the
Enlightened Emperor will always bless
Vietnam so that the
Dharma may flourish and be proclaimed, and
everyone may attain enlightenment. We humbly present this to the Enlightened Emperor, requesting that the Buddha Emperor
witness this offering. We
pray that we may
diligently follow in the footsteps of the
Buddha
Emperor, in every lifetime we may do good and
benefit sentient beings,
bringing enlightenment to ourselves
and to all sentient beings,
always following in the footsteps of the Buddha,
following the example of the Enlightened Emperor,
Buddha Emperor Tran Nhan Tong.
Namo Enlightened Emperor Tran Nhan
Tong. Namo Buddha Emperor Tran Nhan Tong,
witness our devotion.
[Applause]
[Music] [
Applause] [
Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music]
music]
[music]
K